{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25100\viewh13680\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Post Mortem\
\
Lone Square\
by Wayne Chi and Grant Collins\
\
	Our original vision for this game was an action-adventure-rpg for the leap. The ship would kill enemies, salvage them for gold, buy upgrades, all the while under the constraint of a time limit. We wanted the player to be able to explore and build their base, fight and experience a plethora of enemies, earn money and buy a variety of upgrades. Needless to say, we scrapped this idea halfway through production, realizing that it was basically impossible to complete. We learned that with two people (or however many we will work with in the future), we have to plan accordingly. We have to separate what is achievable and what is not. \
	As a result, we began work on 
\i lone
\i0  
\i square
\i0  which was to be a game based on our old action-adventure, but much simplified. We took the core movement and avoidance mechanics, drew on much inspiration from the iPhone game tilt-to-live, and created a fun and fast paced avoidance game. \
\
Controls: \
	Menu \
	Point towards the box you'd like to select \
		Red = Quit \
		Green = Play\
		Blue = nothing (just a stand in until we implement achievement boards etc\
\
	Avoid the enemies by guiding your player with your finger\
	Hit the power ups to kill enemies and earn points \
		Lightning Bolts: hit two and create a lightning field between them that kill all enemes that come in contact\
		Bombs: Blow up enemies and cause chain reactions with nearby bombs\
		Boxing Glove: Invincible for a short amount of time. Punch as many as possible\
	Last as long as possible and earn as many points as possible\
	Kill enemies quick and earn combos. Your score will be multiplied by the length of your kill streak. \
	\
	\
We hope you guys have fun with our game!}